[New] add `jsx-no-leaked-render` (#3203)
jsx-eslint/eslint-plugin-react: docs/rules/jsx-no-leaked-render.md

# Prevent problematic leaked values from being rendered (react/jsx-no-leaked-render)

Using the `&&` operator to render some element conditionally in JSX can cause unexpected values being rendered, or even crashing the rendering.

## Rule Details

This rule aims to prevent dangerous leaked values from being rendered since they can cause unexpected values reaching the final DOM or even crashing your render method.

In React, you might end up rendering unexpected values like `0` or `NaN`. In React Native, your render method will crash if you render `0`, `''`, or `NaN`:

```jsx
const Example = () => {
  return (
    <>
      {0 && <Something/>}
      {/* React: renders undesired 0 */}
      {/* React Native: crashes 💥 */}
      
      {'' && <Something/>}
      {/* React: renders nothing */}
      {/* React Native: crashes 💥 */}
      
      {NaN && <Something/>}
      {/* React: renders undesired NaN */}
      {/* React Native: crashes 💥 */}
    </>
  )
}
```

This can be avoided by:

> - casting the condition to bool: `{!!someValue && <Something />}`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- coercing the conditional to a boolean: `{!!someValue && <Something />}`
```

}
```

Examples of **correct** code for this rule:

```jsx
const Component = ({ elements }) => {
  return <div>{elements}</div>
}
```

```jsx
// An OR condition it's considered valid since it's assumed as a way
// to render some fallback if the first value is falsy, not to render something conditionally.
const Component = ({ customTitle }) => {
  return <div>{customTitle || defaultTitle}</div>
}
```

```jsx
const Component = ({ elements }) => {
  return <div>There are {elements.length} elements</div>
}
```

```jsx
const Component = ({ elements, count }) => {
  return <div>{!count && 'No results found'}</div>
}
```

```jsx
const Component = ({ elements }) => {
  return <div>{!!elements.length && <List elements={elements}/>}</div>
}
```

```jsx
const Component = ({ elements }) => {
  return <div>{Boolean(elements.length) && <List elements={elements}/>}</div>
}
```

```jsx
const Component = ({ elements }) => {
  return <div>{elements.length > 0 && <List elements={elements}/>}</div>
}
```

```jsx
const Component = ({ elements }) => {
  return <div>{elements.length ? <List elements={elements}/> : null}</div>
}
```

### Options

The supported options are:

### `validStrategies`

> An array containing `"cast"`, `"ternary"` or both (default: `["ternary", "cast"]`) - Decide which strategies are considered valid to prevent leaked renders (at least 1 is required). The "cast" option will cast to boolean the condition of the JSX expression. The "ternary" option transforms the binary expression into a ternary expression returning `null` for falsy values. The first option from the array will be used as autofix, so the order of the values matter.

Author: Good idea! Done.

> An array containing `"coerce"`, `"ternary"`, or both (default: `["ternary", "coerce"]`) - Decide which strategies are considered valid to prevent leaked renders (at least 1 is required). The "coerce" option will cast to boolean the condition of the JSX expression. The "ternary" option transforms the binary expression into a ternary expression returning `null` for falsy values. The first option from the array will be used as autofix, so the order of the values matter.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An array containing `"coerce"`, `"ternary"`, or both (default: `["ternary", "coerce"]`) - Decide which strategies are considered valid to prevent leaked renders (at least 1 is required). The "coerce" option will transform the conditional of the JSX expression to a boolean. The "ternary" option transforms the binary expression into a ternary expression returning `null` for falsy values. The first option from the array will be used as autofix, so the order of the values matter.
```
